## Game Completion Tracker

Despite my many attempts, I haven't gotten Glitch deployment to properly work. I've spoken with Professor Wong about this, and he's given me permission to have this graded locally rather than on Glitch.

My project allows a user to log in to the page, submit games they've played to a form, and store those games to MongoDB. The user will then be able to see a table with the data from MongoDB, showing them all the games that they've completed. One of the challenges I faced was getting my data to properly store and be retrieved from MongoDB, which took some effort to debug and complete. I chose to use Windows Local Storage as an authentication strategy, which I chose because its easiest to implement. I know that it's not very secure, and had this been for a serious webpage, I would consider using a more secure authentication strategy. I used Bootstrap as the CSS framework because I had some familiarity from using it in Softeng, and it was straightforward to begin using it. I converted most of my custom CSS from assignment A2 to Bootstrap, including the flex boxes and grid layouts I had already implemented.

## Technical Achievements
- **Achieved 100% on Lighthouse Tests**: My page has achieved 100% on all four lighthouse tests (I included screenshots in the repository).

## Design/Evaluation Achievements
- **Utilized CRAP Principles**: My site utilizes all four of the CRAP principles described in the Non-Designer’s Design Book

Contrast – My page has a purely white background with dark blue text for the headings, red text for the form, and black text for the data in the table. By using these dark fonts against a white background, the contrast is clear, and all the text is easily readable. The dark blue and dark red also contrast nicely, adding further differentiation between the heading text and the text of the description and labels. Originally, I had a light blue background with pink backgrounds over the text, adding further contrast to these elements of the page. However, I removed them to improve the accessibility of my site and increase the Lighthouse accessibility score of the page to 100%. Nevertheless, the contrast on my page is still very clear and makes everything on the page natural to read.

Repetition – On my webpage, I have all headings in the Righteous font and colored dark blue, and I repeated use the Monospace font in a dark red for the site description and the labels in the forms. I chose the Righteous font to give the page a friendly, but professional, look, which fits well with a site meant to keep track of what games you’ve played. I used the Monospace font for the smaller text not only because it’s readable when at a small font size, but also because monospace fonts are used in IDEs, and their connection to technology translates well to a site related to video games. By making these conscious decisions to repeat throughout my site, I give the site a consistent image and relate it well to the purpose of my site.

Alignment – I made sure that all elements of my page were properly aligned with each other to create a nice, clean page. On the top, the heading and description take up the entire width of the screen, introducing the viewer to the page and its function. Then I have the form to input games into the database and the table that shows a user the games that they’ve submitted right next to each other. They’re aligned exactly next to each other horizontally, with the table taking up a larger width rather than having their widths be equal, so that the data on the table isn’t squished. The user can see their list right as they submit without having to scroll down, meaning that this alignment makes the user’s experience smoother.

Proximity – All the elements on my page are deliberately spaced so that it’s clear what elements are related. While my page is simple enough that there aren’t many elements to space, proximity is still used to make things immediately obvious to the user. To start, I have the description right under the title, showing the user that the text is an introduction to the page and what the purpose of it is. I then have the headings for the form and the table centered right above each of them respectively, making it clear what the headings are referring to. I then have the form and the table spaced out enough to show that they’re two distinct elements, but close enough to show the user that they do relate to each other.

